# Mouse-Brain-MRI-for-SR
Mouse Brain MRI dataset for Super-resolution task. MRI scans were acquired on a total of 8 mice (4 males and 4 females) with a Bruker BioSpec 70/20 7T preclinical scanner. Mice labeled M101 to M104 are female, while mice M201 to M204 are male. Each mouse underwent imaging sessions encompassing both 2D and 3D T2-weighted MR volumes. The 3D scans were acquired at 125 um isotropic using a 3D Turbo Rapid Acquisition with Relaxation Enhancement (RARE) sequence with the following parameters: repetition time~(TR) of 2000 ms, echo time~(TE) of 30 ms, and a flip angle~(FA) of 90 degs. The acquisition duration for each 3D scan session was approximately 48 minutes. These scans served as an isotropic reference for evaluating SR performance. 

The 2D scans were acquired in the coronal plane with a multi-echo RARE sequence. While maintaining the same in-plane resolution as the 3D scans (125x125um), the 2D scans varied in slice thickness, with values of 250 um, 500 um, 750 um, and 1000 um. The 2D scans were acquired with a TR of 5100ms, an FA of 90 dgs, and original TEs of 10 ms, 30 ms, 50 ms, 70 ms, 90 ms, and 110 ms. In this work, however, we focused on TE = 30 ms to maximize the matching in MR contrast between 2D and 3D acquisitions. The corresponding scan durations were approximately 32 minutes, 25 minutes, 16 minutes, and 8 minutes, respectively, for each slice thickness. It is noteworthy that this multi-echo scan protocol is commonly employed for T2 mapping applications. However, the contrast from the 2D acquisitions is not identical to the contrast from the 3D acquisition. 
